Add Enphase Envoy scan interval description (#29364)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_integrations/enphase_envoy.markdown

### Battery Level
When the relay mode is set to battery level, the relays will turn on and off based on the remaining battery level of your Encharge batteries. Two number entities are available to control the cutoff and restore levels for the relays. When the battery level drops below the cutoff level, the relays will turn off. When the battery level rises above the restore level, the relays will turn back on.

## Scan Interval

> The default scan interval is 60 seconds. To customize the scan interval use a [time pattern](/docs/automation/trigger/#time-pattern-trigger) triggered automation for service action using [homeassistant.update_entity](/integrations/homeassistant#service-homeassistantupdate_entity) targeting the envoy device. To scan the Envoy every 15 seconds use /15 in the seconds field of the time pattern trigger.  

Reviewer: If we have a base sample automation, we should link to that instead.

If we don't have one, it would be good to add it in another PR, than update this PR to point to the newly added example once it merges.

Reviewer 2: We have general documentation on this, please link that instead.

https://www.home-assistant.io/common-tasks/general/#defining-a-custom-polling-interval

> The default polling interval is 60 seconds. To customize the polling interval refer to [Defining a custom polling interval](/common-tasks/general/#defining-a-custom-polling-interval). Specify the envoy device as target of the service using the `+ choose device` button. Updating the envoy will also update the related devices like the inverters , no need to split into separate entities or add all inverter devices. When using multiple Envoys, add each of them as target or create separate custom polling intervals as needed. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The default polling interval is 60 seconds. To customize the polling interval, refer to [defining a custom polling interval](/common-tasks/general/#defining-a-custom-polling-interval). Specify the envoy device as a target of the service using the `+ choose device` button. Updating the envoy will also update the related devices like the inverters; there is no need to split them into separate entities or add all inverter devices. When using multiple Envoys, add them as targets or create separate custom polling intervals as needed. 
```
